README.md, before:

# Freshly Pressed

An Android App that lists the most recent stories from WordPress.com Freshly Pressed.

## Resources

- [Freshly Pressed REST endpoint][freshly]
- [OKHttp][] for networking. [See examples][]

[freshly]: https://developer.wordpress.com/docs/api/1/get/freshly-pressed/
[OKHttp]: http://square.github.io/okhttp/
[See examples]: https://github.com/square/okhttp/wiki/Recipes

## Your Task

*If you choose to accept it*: display the "Featured Image" for each post that has one within the list of posts in the app.

* Treat this as if you own the app, and you'll be releasing the finished product and source code under your own name.
* Keep in mind:
    * Android's [Code Style Guidelines for Contributors](https://source.android.com/source/code-style.html)
    * i18n: every user visible string should be translatable.
    * Security, best practices, code documentation, etc.
* Don't be code-shy and feel free to explore other parts of the app, not only those you need to touch to solve your problem.
* Commit changes to the git repository that we provided to you, splitting up commits as necessary.
* Let us know when you're done with the test.

Commit message:

Upating build configuration for latest Andoid Studio

README.md, after:

# Freshly Pressed

An Android App that lists the most recent stories from WordPress.com Freshly Pressed.

## Resources

- [Freshly Pressed REST endpoint][freshly]
- [OKHttp][] for networking. [See examples][]

[freshly]: https://developer.wordpress.com/docs/api/1/get/freshly-pressed/
[OKHttp]: http://square.github.io/okhttp/
[See examples]: https://github.com/square/okhttp/wiki/Recipes

## Building

1. Clone the git repository
2. Open Android Studio and import the project
    - Configured with Android Studio 1.0 RC4

## Your Task

*If you choose to accept it*: display the "Featured Image" for each post that has one within the list of posts in the app.

* Treat this as if you own the app, and you'll be releasing the finished product and source code under your own name.
* Keep in mind:
    * Android's [Code Style Guidelines for Contributors](https://source.android.com/source/code-style.html)
    * i18n: every user visible string should be translatable.
    * Security, best practices, code documentation, etc.
* Don't be code-shy and feel free to explore other parts of the app, not only those you need to touch to solve your problem.
* Commit changes to the git repository that we provided to you, splitting up commits as necessary.
* Let us know when you're done with the test.
